<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <link href="styles.css" rel="stylesheet"></link>
  </head>
  <body>
    <style>
      h1{
        color:violet;
        text-align:center;
      }
    </style>
    <h1>DND Notes</h1>
  
### *October 22*

  Me, Sean and Nomire go to Dano to offer assistance in any way. The goal is to further understand their plans. Dano
fills them in on a troubling situation happening with one of their trade routes. Dano and the rest of the underdark
town had an agreement to trade alchemical resources in exchange for magical weapons/items and gold. The other traders
were magical humans known to reside on the other side of a system of tunnels.

  Mitch and Jason decide to search for Dontell and his group of mercenaries. After a poor performance, Mitch conjures
a lie that he knows where a powerful artifact lies. Dontell's second in command, Donmor, hears this and,unsure if
this is true but not taking any chances, brings Mitch and Jason face to face with Dontell. Dontell informs the two
that the orb of chaos in somewhere within the underdark and that the town council would probably also be in search of
it.

  We leave without addressing where Teddy is, almost as if there's an unspoken grudge. Two of the town guardsmen grab
their bows and join our mission.

  Shortly after starting our journey,

### *November 5th*

  We decided to take a long rest in the Tower. We stumble across two rooms - one that has a bunch of artwork and
paintings and the other has lots of trophies of weapons. Jason sees a statue and notices some writing on it. Jason
comes back to the group and tells us. Sean and I go over to see if we can read it - Sean translates it to 

> Arm me to move forward

  We take a long rest. When we wake up there's a magical barrier on the door to exit. Jason takes a quarterstaff and
places it in the statues hand. The weapon acts on it's on accord and slashes Jason. Jason goes to the back of the
room and sits by himself. Mitchell takes the short-sword and does the same thing as Jason - again it attacks him and
he takes a few damage. Sean does the same with the mace, and it does the same. I took the sling and same thing
happened. Jason tried glaive and light hammer to no avail. I take the whip and place it in the statues hand and the
barrier on the door disappears.

  We journey back to Belvedere, Mitch heads to the brothel to free Teddy from his gimp suit. Mitch finds Teddy
wearing a sheep costume, blood dripping from him and gagged. Mitch removes the gag and Teddy's first words are "I've
been a baaaaaad boy". Mitch leads Teddy out of the brothel on a leash, Teddy still acting like a sheep follows on all
fours.

  Sean goes to inform Dano of what happened on our journey. Dano comments that he is aware of the Dodomekis but is
surprised that three convoys didn't make it through because of them. He also tells them of the spiders that we made
a deal with - in exchange for not attacking the trade convoys the town has to give the spiders animals carcasses and
or folic prisoners. Sean tells him the bad news that there was a teleportation spell that terribly wrong and destroyed
the entire town. Dano gives Sean 500 gold and tells him he'll let him know if he has anymore missions for the group.

  Next, we head to the market as a group. First, we head to an alchemy shop to buy some health potions and any other
useful potions we may need. Sean finds a back alley tattoo artist and has a magical tattoo imprinted on his arm. The
tattoo gives him a special attack power that he is now able to call upon.

  We show up to Dontrell's hideout, Mitchell plans on intimidating the leader and challenging him. We see the whole
gang on criminals along with Dontrell. Dontrell asks Mitchell about the orb, Mitchell tries to attune to it and
change his face to a mask. Dontrell asks how much he would sell it for. Mitchell teleports behind Dontrell and says
that he demands control of Dontrell's operation - he can either submit or fight for control. Dontrell wasn't intimidated
and asks Mitchell what he wants control of - Mitchell says everything and a battle ensues.

Dontrell transforms into a _green skinned warlock_. Mitchell took some damage from a surprise attack, then casts fire 
shield and teleports away towards the door. Sean sends himself into a rage then his tattoos glow as he channels fire 
into his attack. He swings his battleaxe in a sweep across the first person he sees. The axe sticks to his side. His 
next attack does critical damage and he ends up killing 3 total enemies and damages another. Teddy attacks the nearest
enemy to him with his rapier and dagger - killing the enemy. Jason runs up and attacks the closest enemy. He sends a
couple of punches then uses flurry of blows with his quarterstaff - the criminal grunt he targeted gets thrusted back 
into his ally and dies - his ally takes damage. Multiple archers shoot arrows at Mitchell and Jason - Mitchell takes 
full damage and Jason deflects the first arrow with deflect missile and takes damage. He sends the deflected arrow back 
at the enemy that shot the arrow and kills him. I call upon fire to light my sword and attack the nearest enemy. With 
two slashes I kill him.

  Next round, Dontrell casts a distant claw attack on Mitchell who is reduced to 0 hit points. He is revived at half
health and immune to the damage dealt due to his mask of chaos. Mitchell then casts fireball centered on the remaining
enemies in room - he kills 7 of Dontrell's minions and gains 21 temporary hit points as a result. Dontrell is now
willing to hear us out. Mitchell tells Donmor and the remaining two minions that they can join our cause but they have
to turn on their leader Dontrell. The two minions agree to help us and Donmor does not. Sean goes up to the leader and
second in command and intimidates Donmor once again to turn on his leader - Donmor states that he won't attack
Dontrell but he doesn't want to die - Donmor steps aside. Sean then attacks Dontrell, tattoo still glowing, with his
battleaxe and does a considerable amount of damage. Teddy hits Dontrell with his rapier and dagger - as a result
Dontrell is looking beat up. The two minions attack Dontrell and land the killing blow.

  We demand 50% of the criminal operation and if there's an issue with the group they need to let us know, and we'll
take care of it Donmor provides a sending stone to Mitchell with unlimited range. The stone does not operate in
different planes of existence. He also provides us with their gang crest, and we give them a cloud crest of the
Atatsuki. Donmor then gives us the location of their vault and tells us that there's a magical lock on it. Before we
are able to leave, I have broken my oath.

  A beautiful woman appears. She approaches me and casts a charms on me - her name is _Lovaza_. The effects of the charm
prevent me from attacking her. I cast zone of truth, and she blocks the spell. Lovaza tells me there's something I can
do for her. There are two floating cities above Nalu, _Ogen_ and _Mesna_, one of which hold something of great value to
her. The object is protected by a corrupted mage name _Dacogen_ - a jeweled dagger that belonged to the father of the
jeweled cities - the son killed the father and divided the two cities. She says she'll reward me handsomely for
retrieving the dagger and tell me the location of one of the orbs. I accept the quest and Lovaza disappears.

  We get drunk in the bar to celebrate the night and rest inside. The next morning we head to the outskirts of the
city to look for the vault. We come one smaller house settled in the side of a hill. The doorway blends in with the
surrounding rock. Mitchell notices that there's no magical presence on the front door. I open the door while Mitchell
takes out a lock picking kit. I walk in with the rest of the crew, Mitchell opens the next door at the opposite side
of the room. Teddy and I go through, Teddy sees skeletons on the wall and water dripping from the ceiling. Mitchell
tries to dispel the magic on the door and fails. I touch the wall and the incantation changes to says that we need a
blood offering to get through. Mitchell slits his hand and smears blood on the wall. Next, a mimic of Mitchell appears
in the room behind us, in front of Teddy, Jason and Sean.

  The mimic sends a magical touch to Jason and deals necrotic damage. We're all surprised beside Jason. Jason
critically misses his first attack and the mimic of Mitchell bursts out laughing. Jason's second attack lands and
deals a moderate amount of damage. Next, he uses flurry of blows to hit the mimic two more times - dealing
considerably more damage. The mimic then teleports to the side of the room and casts a fireball on Teddy, Jason and
Sean, they all take half damage. I move within range of the mimic and cast poison breath which does very little
damage. Then I cast sanctuary on myself as a bonus action. Mitchell casts hold person on the mimic which paralyzes
the mimic for the time being. Jason closes in and makes two attacks on the mimic which takes it's hit points to 0.
The mimic then revives with half hp and is immune to bludgeoning damage. For Jason's next attack he uses stunning
strike which paralyzes the mimic for a second time. Teddy attacked once with his rapier and dagger and deals a solid
amount of damage. Sean goes into a rage and swings his battleaxe at Mitchell's head and kills him. Sean slashes right
through him and disappears.

  The door in the hallway then opens to another hallway with a door at the end. We notice
that the room is similar to the last but is now dripping a sort of ooze instead of water. Teddy perceives the skeleton
bones to be of a humanoid form - the assumption is that they are dead intruders. Teddy looks for any woodland
creatures outside to no avail then tries to open the door and nothing happens. Teddy opens his mouth to drink the ooze
and throws some at the door and nothing happens. Jason uses his ring of earth and tries to manipulate the earth around
the door and fails. Sean tries banging on the door with his hands, which makes dents and causes rocks to fall. I tried
to use dispel magic on the door unsuccessfully. Mitchell teleports to the other side on the door and sees a creature
on the other side. Jason tries to punch the door, nothing happens. Sean's tattoos start glowing and pushes the door
with radiant energy. Coincidentally the door opens as the time runs out.

  The creatures casts a spell on Mitchell, as a result he is frightened and paralyzes. Then the creatures attacks
Mitchell with bludgeoning damage. Jason attacks with his quarterstaff and the creature is immune to non-magical
bludgeoning damage. Jason attempts to use flurry of blows and ends up slapping himself. The creature attacks Jason
with harm and does a huge amount of damage and reduces his max hit points. On my turn, I use my prayer beads and cast
greater restoration to free Mitchell from his paralysis. Then, I cast magic circle to enclose the mummy in a 10-foot
radius circle. Teddy tries to talk to the mummy lord to persuade it to not attack us. Sean imbues his attacks with his
tattoo magic and deals a decent amount of damage. Mitch casts a firebolt and also deals a considerable amount of
damage. Jason backs up and leaves the room, uses wholeness of body to heal himself. The creature casts insect plague
around itself, and deals a moderate amount of damage to everyone except Jason, I am the only one hit that takes half
damage. The creature attacks me and misses, however, i am cursed which means - my max hit points is reduced by 10 and
continues to reduce by 10 each 24 hours. If i fail to remove the curse and die i turn to dust. I am also blinded by
its next move. For my turn, I move inside the cylinder, taking the opportunity attack like a champ, then light my
sword on fire and attack the mummy lord - it ends up turning to dust. I'm disappointed that I was unable to collect a
new head.

  </body>
